Open Source at OSU
==================
:slug: students/oss_at_osu

.. image:: /theme/img/OSatOSU-Website.jpg
   :scale: 80%
   :align: center
   :alt: Open Source at OSU

Students at Oregon State University are provided a number of opportunities to
interact with open source software and communities. While the Open Source Lab
provides direct ties to a number of open source projects, open source is also
used in computer science courses, and there are multiple student groups which
help to promote open source on campus.

`Linux Users Group <http://lug.oregonstate.edu/>`_
--------------------------------------------------

.. image:: /theme/img/OSatOSU-Website-small.jpg
   :scale: 80%
   :align: left
   :alt: OSU LUG

The `OSU LUG <http://lug.oregonstate.edu/>`_ meets weekly to discuss Linux and
open source issues, talk about new technologies and host speakers to introduce
the group to various topics around Linux. The LUG puts on events such as
"installfests" where LUG members help others install Linux on their systems.
Famous for antics such as the `Firefox Crop Circle
<http://lug.oregonstate.edu/gallery/v/Summer-06/firefox-crop-circle/mg_5560.jpg.html>`_
(`Google Maps image
<http://maps.google.com/?ie=UTF8&om=1&z=16&ll=45.123785,-123.113962&spn=0.012112,0.024097&t=h>`_),
the LUG is an exciting student-run group to get involved with. Picture from
`http://photos.charkbot.com/ <http://photos.charkbot.com/>`_

`Open Source Education Lab <http://osel.oregonstate.edu/>`_
-----------------------------------------------------------

The OSEL (not to be confused with the OSL) is a student organization on campus
that has helped organize events, create newsletters and interact with people
both on and off campus to advocate open source. In the past, the OSEL had
members from various parts of campus including the Open Source Lab, the Linux
Users Group and the College of Engineering. While not currently active, the OSEL
will soon be relaunched with new opportunities to connect students and community
members with open source ideas. More information about the OSEL is available at
their `website <http://osel.oregonstate.edu/>`_.

**Open Source in the Curriculum**

Open source is a growing part of the Electrical Engineering and Computer Science
program. A number of courses are developed around open source software.
`BeaverSource <http://beaversource.oregonstate.edu/>`_ is an online community
where OSU students, faculty and staff can create development sites for open
source projects and interact with each other through wikis, forums, blogs and
other common social networking technologies. The EECS department has also
developed a small hardware device which runs Linux and provides students the
opportunity to interact with both the hardware and software in a hands-on
manner. Curriculum has been developed for courses throughout students' time at
OSU, including robotics, networking, operating systems and computer graphics.
More information about the learning device is available at the `project website
<http://beaversource.oregonstate.edu/projects/cspfl/>`_. There is also a
`special topics course
<https://secure.engr.oregonstate.edu/classes/eecs/winter2008/cs419/index.php/Main/HomePage>`_
specifically on open source software.
