Sponsors
--------
:slug: sponsors
:title: Sponsors
:menu: Donate, Sponsors, 2

Below are groups who support the Open Source Lab through annual contributions of
*$25,000* or more.

.. image:: /images/Google.gif
    :scale: 100%
    :alt: Google Logo
    :target: http://www.google.com/

Google is one of the world's leading search engines and a leader in the Web
services industry. According to their website, "Google's mission is to organize
the world's information and make it universally accessible and useful." The OSL
shares in this mission by organizing the resources of the open source community,
making it easier for developers to focus on writing code.

Google sponsors the OSL through financial grants. This funding helps the OSL
provide the community with physical hosting and bandwidth, and covers the cost
of "Smart Hands" support. Google is a big supporter of the open source movement,
producing open code of their own, and sponsoring the Summer of Code program.
Each year Google puts millions of dollars toward open source research and
development through this program.

.. image:: /images/ibm-logo_small.jpg
    :scale: 100%
    :alt: IBM Logo

IBM has contributed to projects hosted at the Open Source Lab by donating
hardware resources and through financial contributions.

IBM has long been an advocate, sponsor and contributor to the Linux developer
community and Open Technology development. Continuing this tradition of support,
IBM has contributed a number of POWER7 servers to the OSL for the purpose of
Linux and open source project development by the community on the Power
Architecture. Please see our `development hosting`_ page for more information
and SSH-based remote access to Linux on POWER servers.

.. _development hosting: /services/powerdev

.. image:: /images/tds_logo.jpg
    :scale: 100%
    :alt: TDS Logo
    :target: http://tdstelecom.com/

TDS Telecom is a major telephone and Internet services provider. TDS Telecom has
made a large donation of bandwidth to the Open Source Lab, helping millions of
people review or download free software every day.

For a five-year period, the OSL will receive 2 gigabits of bandwidth. In
addition, OSU servers will be hosted in a TDS data center. The bandwidth
provided gives the OSL the ability to host FTP servers in both New York, N.Y.,
and Chicago, Ill., where files for many open source projects are mirrored for
download from the main FTP server hosted in Corvallis, Ore.


.. image:: /images/intel_logo_sponsors.jpeg
    :scale: 100%
    :alt: Intel Logo
    :target: http://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/homepage.html

Intel is a major silicon chip manufacturer and the inventor of the famous x86
CPU processor. Intel sponsors the OSL through financial grants. This funding
helps the OSL provide a more diverse student workforce and strengthens our
student mentoring and learning.


.. image:: /images/dell_emc_logo_sponsors.png
    :scale: 100%
    :alt: DellEMC Logo
    :target: https://www.delltechnologies.com/en-us/index.htm?ST=dell%20emc%20logo&dgc=ST&cid=304362&lid=5774484&acd=123092124872795912&ven1=L53S8tad&ven2=e&ven3=111103645177538844

DellEMC (formerly EMC Corporation) is a leader in data storage technology.
DellEMC sponsors the OSL through financial grants and in-kind hardware
donations. This funding helps the OSL provide a stable testing platform for open
source projects including mentoring students on cloud technologies such as
Openstack.


.. image:: /images/facebook_logo_gold_sponsor.png
    :scale: 100%
    :alt: Facebook Logo
    :target: http://facebook.com/

Facebook is a social utility that helps more than 900 million people around the
world communicate more efficiently with their friends, family and coworkers.

The site has been built on common open source software such as Linux, Apache,
MySQL and PHP, and over the past few years the company has developed a number of
open source infrastructure technologies to support the website's growth
including HipHop for PHP, Cassandra, Hive, Scribe and Thrift. Facebook engineers
actively contribute and participate in various open source projects, especially
around the Apache Hadoop ecosystem, developing technologies that facilitate the
sharing of information through the social graph.
