PowerLinux / OpenPOWER Request Form
====================================
:slug: services/powerdev/request_hosting
:menuparent: powerlinux

Submitted by Lance Albertson on February 18, 2015
Please use the form below to request hosting on the POWER7/POWER8
environment hosted at the OSUOSL.

This access is intended only for projects who qualify and are approved
by both the OSUOSL and IBM.
Name * Email * Project Name * Name of the open source project or
education institution this request will be supporting. Estimated Size
of User Community * How many estimated users do you have in your
community? Description of Project Mission * Please describe in detail
the mission and purpose of this request in regards to how the POWER
architecture will support your project. Also describe the general
mission of your project. Expected usage model * What types of activity
will the machine be used for? (i.e. compile builds, performance
testing, architecture troubleshooting, etc). Anticipated duration of
need * How long do you expect you will need these resources? Ongoing
or indefinitely are also acceptable answers. POWER Architecture * -
Select - ppc64 POWER7 ppc64 POWER8 (Big Endian) ppc64le POWER8 (Little
Endian) Flavor * - Select - 1 CPU, 2G RAM, 20G Disk 2 CPU, 4G RAM, 40G
Disk 4 CPU, 8G RAM, 80G Disk 8 CPU, 16G RAM, 160G Disk Number of nodes
* Estimated number of nodes (machines) you'd like to have.
Distribution * - Select - Fedora Debian Ubuntu OpenSUSE Other Which
Linux distribution would you like to use for your machine? This would
likely be the latest stable version available for PPC. If you want a
specific version, please state that in the comments section on the
last page. OpenStack Access - None - Have the OSL create the node(s)
for me I'd like to have access to the Openstack GUI/API We use
OpenStack to manage the POWER8 ppc64/ppc64le nodes. We can either
create the node for you or we can grant you access to the OpenStack
GUI and API and let you manage it yourself. What do you prefer? SSH
Public Key * Public SSH key to be used for initial access to the
system. IBM Linux Technology Center Advocate * If you do not have an
IBM Advocate, one will need to be assigned prior to activating access.
OSUOSL and IBM will work with the requesting project to find an
appropriate advocate. Deployment timeframe Within 7 business Days
Within 3 business Days Within 1 business Day Normal turnaround for
access is typically 7 business days. If you need it sooner than that,
please choose which time frame you need. We will do our best to
accommodate your request. Other information Is there anything
additional you would like to provide for your request?
