DevOps DayCamp
==============
:date: 2015-10-29
:author: Amanda Kelner
:slug: devops-daycamp

In early October, we hosted our second annual DevOps DayCamp to a over eighty
students, faculty, and community members, acting as a feeder workshop into the
year long DevOps BootCamp series. Beyond its promotional function, our DayCamp
provided an interactive workshop for those in attendance.

We offered seminars and interactive programs for both beginners and more
advanced participants. For the beginners, the sessions focused on fundamentals
and introductions. We began with an explanation of DevOps and its functions and
moved into the basics of operating the system, including working with Unix,
executing programs, and flagging potential problems. Participants also learned
collaborative techniques featuring IRC and git.

The advanced track provided the opportunity for attendees to interact with a
number of guest speakers, including Mozilla’s K Lars Lohn and Emily Dunham,
Facebook’s Mark Callaghan, and IBM’s Spencer Krum, along with members of the
Open Source Lab staff at Oregon State, including director Lance Albertson,
full-time head of software development Ken Lett, and student system
administrator Daniel Takamori.

To wrap up the festivities, we created our first DevOps Panel, a group of
experts responding to questions about DevOps. Panelists included release
engineer at the Linux Foundation Trevor Bramwell, computer science undergraduate
and system administrator Jeffrey Borcean, full-time systems administrator at the
OSU Open Source Lab Jordan Evans, and Mozilla web developer Mike Cooper.

In the coming weeks, our DevOps BootCamp will hold weekly sessions covering
basic software development and system administration skills. The goal is to give
students the skills to contribute to open-source projects. It's free and open to
the community so spread the word. For more information, see our website at
'website_'. See you there!

.._website: http://devopsbootcamp.osuosl.org
