Skip to main content ` OREGON STATE UNIVERSITY`_ ` `_ `School of
Electrical Engineering and Computer Science`_


`OSU Open Source Lab`_
======================


  +

    + `Home`_
    + `About Us`_

        + `Summary`_
        + `Staff`_
        + `Employment`_
        + `DevOps BootCamp`_
        + `Advisors`_
        + `Contact`_
        + `Open Source Lab logos`_
        + `GOSCON`_

    + `Blog`_
    + `Services`_

        + `Hosting`_
        + `Development`_
        + `Request Hosting`_
        + `PowerLinux / OpenPOWER Development Hosting`_
        + `Supercell`_

    + `GSoC`_
    + `Donate`_

        + `Sponsors`_
        + `Why Do We Give to the OSL?`_


  +

    + `Calendar`_
    + `Library`_
    + `Maps`_
    + `Online Services`_
    + `Make a Gift`_




+ `Home`_
+ `About Us`_

    + `Summary`_

        + `Student Experience`_
        + `FAQ`_

    + `Staff`_
    + `Employment`_
    + `DevOps BootCamp`_
    + `Advisors`_
    + `Contact`_
    + `Open Source Lab logos`_
    + `GOSCON`_

+ `Blog`_
+ `Services`_

    + `Hosting`_

        + `Hosted Projects`_
        + `Hosting Details`_
        + `Hosting Policy`_

    + `Development`_
    + `Request Hosting`_
    + `PowerLinux / OpenPOWER Development Hosting`_

        + `PowerLinux / OpenPOWER Request Form`_

    + `Supercell`_

        + `Feedback Form`_
        + `Sponsors`_


+ `GSoC`_
+ `Donate`_

    + `Sponsors`_
    + `Why Do We Give to the OSL?`_





Hosted Communities
------------------



`Ångström`_
-----------

`Ångström`_ was started by a small group of people who worked on the
OpenEmbedded, OpenZaurus and OpenSimpad projects to unify their effort
to make a stable and user-friendly distribution for embedded devices
like handhelds, set-top boxes and network-attached storage devices and
more. The OSL hosts their Narcissus Image Builder via the Nas-
Admin.org project.



`Apache Software Foundation `_
------------------------------

The `Apache Software Foundation`_ manages the development of many open
source software packages, most notably the Apache Web server. The OSL
provides hosting for portions of the Apache Software Foundation's
operational infrastructure.



`Aqsis`_
--------

`Aqsis`_ is a high-quality, photorealistic 3D rendering solution. It
complies with the Renderman® interface standard defined by Pixar. The
OSL provides hosting for a server and a Xen virtual machine for
handling the Web, mail and development needs of Aqsis.



`BusyBox`_
----------

`BusyBox`_ combines tiny versions of many common UNIX utilities into a
single small executable. It provides replacements for most of the
utilities you usually find in GNU fileutils, shellutils, etc. BusyBox
provides a fairly complete environment for any small or embedded
system. The OSL hosts the BusyBox and uClibc development and public-
facing websites.



`Cacti`_
--------

`Cacti`_ is a complete network graphing solution designed to harness
the power of RRDtool's data storage and graphing functionality. Cacti
provides a fast poller, advanced graph templating, multiple data
acquisition methods and user management features out of the box. All
of this is wrapped in an intuitive, easy-to-use interface that makes
sense for LAN-sized installations up to complex networks with hundreds
of devices. The OSL hosts the Cacti website along with secondary DNS,
secondary MX and other miscellaneous services.



`CentOS`_
---------

`CentOS`_ is an enterprise-class Linux distribution derived from
sources freely provided to the public by a prominent North American
Enterprise Linux vendor. CentOS conforms fully with the upstream
vendor's redistribution policy and aims to be 100 percent binary
compatible. CentOS as a project has grown many fold over the last few
years and with this added growth has come the extra responsibility of
making sure we have good reliable services that stay available 24/7.
This is just the problem that OSUOSL's hosting facilities helps us
address – they are available, professionally run and have a very
competent team of people. Keeping this in mind, it is at OSUOSL that
we are building our level-1 backup and long-term disaster recovery
site.



`CiviCRM`_
----------

`CiviCRM`_ is an open source and free-for-download constituent
relationship management solution. Web-based, open source and highly
customizable, CiviCRM is software designed specifically to meet the
needs of advocacy, nonprofit and non-governmental groups. CiviCRM's
integration with both the Drupal and Joomla! content management
systems provides tools to connect and communicate with supporters and
constituents. The OSL hosts much of the infrastructure for CiviCRM
including the main website, the demo server, the documentation server,
and discussion forums.



`CONNECT`_
----------

`CONNECT`_ is an open source software solution that lets health
information technology systems and health information exchanges
securely communicate with each other using nationally-recognized
standards and guidelines. With CONNECT, information can be easily
shared among IT systems at doctors' offices, federal agencies, state
agencies, disability organizations, pharmacies, payors and other
health stakeholders, making it possible for information to follow
patients. CONNECT enables health information exchange within an
organization, regionally and at the national level using the
Nationwide Health Information Network conventions and standards. The
OSL serves as a main mirror for CONNECT downloads and hosts the
CONNECT community website.



`Crosstool-NG`_
---------------

`Crosstool-NG `_ aims to make it easy to build cross-toolchains for
many architectures, using the traditional FLOSS components (gcc,
binutils, glibc, uClibc, etc.) and offering a lot of configuration
options. While the process of building a toolchain can look like black
magic, crosstool-NG automates that process with a set of scripts and
patches in an easy-to-follow flow, so the user understands what is
happening and why it is happening.



`Debian`_
---------

`Debian GNU/Linux`_ is a distribution known for its stability and
roots in the free software philosophy. The OSL hosts the server for
bugs.debian.org, along with some of their internal infrastructure. We
also have development environments for MIPS, PPC, SPARC and Alpha
ports.



`Deluge`_
---------

`Deluge`_ is a full-featured BitTorrent client for Linux, Unix and
Windows. It uses libtorrent in its backend and PyGTK for its user
interface. Deluge features a rich plugin collection; in fact, most of
Deluge's functionality is available in the form of plugins. The OSL
hosts the Deluge website, code repository and development website and
also hosts Deluge downloads on the lab's FTP mirror.



`Drupal`_
---------

`Drupal`_ is a PHP-based content management system used in many
installations worldwide, along with quite a few here at Oregon State.
Drupal needed assistance with a Web server that was crippled under the
load of its own popularity. With the financial help of Drupal's users,
the OSL has `built a cluster`_ for Drupal's websites that can scale
along with its growth.



`DSpace`_
---------

`DSpace`_ is the software of choice for academic, nonprofit and
commercial organizations building open digital repositories. It is
free and easy to install "out of the box" and completely customizable
to fit the needs of any organization. The OSL hosts the subversion
code repository for the DSpace project.



`Eclipse Communication Framework`_
----------------------------------

The `Eclipse Communication Framework`_ is a project working to add
collaboration tools to the popular Eclipse development environment.
These tools range from text-based chat to upcoming Voice over Internet
Protocol support. The OSL hosts Concurrent Versions System and
development environments for the Eclipse Communication Framework team.



`Elgg`_
-------

`Elgg`_ is an award-winning open source social networking engine that
provides a robust framework on which to build all kinds of social
environments. Elgg is designed to be fully customizable through its
modular plugins and robust views system. The OSL provides hosting for
Elgg.org's website, The Elgg Foundation's website, the el.gg URL
shortener and various other sites.



`Enlightenment`_
----------------

The `Enlightenment`_ project is best known for the Enlightenment
window manager. In addition to being a window manager for Linux/X11
and others, Enlightment has a whole suite of libraries to help create
beautiful user interfaces with much less work than doing it the old
fashioned way. The OSL hosts two servers for Enlightenment.



`Etherboot Project`_
--------------------

The `Etherboot Project`_ creates network booting code that allows
computers to load their operating system from a network. Etherboot
code can be stored in a number of places, including BIOS Flash,
EPROMs, floppy, CD, HD or other bootable media. The OSL hosts two co-
located servers for the Etherboot project, which include Web, testing
and development services.



`Fedora Project`_
-----------------

The `Fedora Project`_ is a community with the primary purpose of
leading the advancement of free, open source software and content.
Fedora, the operating system, is the Fedora Project's flagship
product. The OSL is hosting Fedora test servers, proof of concept
hosts and other ad-hoc needs that Fedora often runs into during the
course of building a new Fedora release.



`Finnix`_
---------

`Finnix`_ is a self-contained, bootable Linux CD distribution for
system administrators based on Debian. The OSL provides the primary
mirror for the Finnix CD images.



`FOSSBazaar`_
-------------

`FOSSBazaar`_ is an open community launched by Hewlett-Packard and
founding partners. As a workgroup of the Linux Foundation, they are
dedicated to understanding the issues that exist with free and open
source software. This initiative serves the open source community as a
forum representative of open source users and providers worldwide. The
OSL hosts the FOSSBazaar website.



`FOSSology`_
------------

`FOSSology`_ is an open source project built around an open and
modular architecture for analyzing software. FOSSology analyzes a
given set of software packages and reports items such as the software
licenses and families of software licenses used by these packages. The
FOSSology project is planning to create a public repository with
extensive software license analysis and other reports about open
source software. The OSL hosts Web services, the build/packaging
environment and the public repository for FOSSology.



`Freenode`_
-----------

The `Freenode`_ Internet Relay Chat network facilitates open
collaboration for people worldwide. It is used by many open source
projects as well as Oregon State. The OSL hosts a Freenode Web server.



`Gentoo Foundation`_
--------------------

`Gentoo Linux`_ is a distribution built on a customizable foundation,
allowing users to build a Linux system exactly the way they need it.
The Gentoo community was the first hosted client of the OSL, and it
still utilizes many servers and development platforms here. The OSL
hosts the Gentoo Foundation's main developer host, bugs, forums, amd64
development, sparc development, hppa development, itanium development,
alpha development and ppc64 development.



`GNOME`_
--------

`GNOME`_ offers an easy-to-understand desktop for Linux and UNIX
computers. GNOME is used in a variety of Linux distributions as the
default desktop environment for its ease of use. The OSL provides the
GNOME project with remote system monitoring of their infrastructure
via a Nagios server.



`GNOME Hispano`_
----------------

`GNOME Hispano`_, the Spanish GNOME users and developers association,
is devoted to spreading the GNOME environment to Spanish-speaking
people. The OSL hosts GNOME Hispano's main servers.



`GOSCON`_
---------

`GOSCON`_ is the premier annual Government Open Source Conference
organized by the OSL. A national conference designed for government IT
management, the mission of GOSCON is to provide leading-edge education
and a forum for cross-agency collaboration among government consortia.
GOSCON also helps public sector entities evaluate the benefit of
utililzing open and community-source methodologies for custom software
development.



`Inkscape`_
-----------

`Inkscape`_ is an open source vector graphics editor, with
capabilities similar to those of Adobe Illustrator, CorelDRAW and Xara
X, using the W3C standard Scalable Vector Graphics (SVG) file format.
Inkscape supports many advanced SVG features (markers, clones, alpha
blending, etc.) and great care is taken in designing a streamlined
interface. It is very easy to edit nodes, perform complex path
operations, trace bitmaps and much more. Inkscape also aims to
maintain a thriving user and developer community by using open,
community-oriented development. The OSL hosts a Virtual Machine for
the Inkscape website, wiki and various development builds.



`Jaws`_
-------

`Jaws`_ is a content management system and framework used to create
dynamic websites. Written in PHP, it provides a simple yet powerful
framework for developers to design their own modules. The OSL provides
Web, development and mailing list hosting for the Jaws Project.



`Jenkins`_
----------

`Jenkins`_ is the leading open source continuous integration server.
Built with Java, it provides over 300 plugins to support building and
testing virtually any and every project. The OSL provides both primary
and secondary mirroring infrastructure along with virtualized machines
to help the Jenkins development community.



`KDE`_
------

`KDE`_ is a robust, easy-to-use yet powerful Linux desktop
environment. The OSL provides hosting for two of KDE's websites:
dot.kde.org and spreadkde.org. The lab also helps ease the
distribution of the code behind KDE by serving as the master.kde.org
node.



`KernelTrap`_
-------------

Kerneltrap is a website publishing news and information about
operating system kernels and internals. Although there is a heavy
focus on the Linux kernel, there is information about all other
operating systems as well. The OSL hosts the Kerneltrap website,
utilizing our own database infrastructure in the back end.



`Linux Driver Project`_
-----------------------

The Linux Driver Project is striving to offer companies free Linux
driver development, with the resulting drivers being added to the main
Linux kernel source tree. The OSL hosts the Linux Driver Project’s
website, wiki and mailing lists.



`Linux Foundation`_
-------------------

The `Linux Foundation`_ promotes, protects and advances Linux. To
achieve these tasks, the Linux Foundation provides legal services to
Linux developers, collaborates on the Linux Standards Base, hosts
events for the Linux community and responds in the press to
competitors' attacks on Linux. The OSL hosts the Linux Foundation's
infrastructure including websites, email and development machines.



`Linux Fund`_
-------------

`Linux Fund`_ is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization that provides
financial and advisory support to the free and open software
community. Linux Fund has given away over $750,000 to open source
events and development since its founding in 1999, using funds raised
through its line of credit cards and direct donations. The OSL hosts
the Linux Fund website.



`LinuxChix`_
------------

`LinuxChix`_ is a community for women who like Linux and women and men
who want to support women in computing. They offer mailing lists,
educational courses and conference meetups for people interested in
promoting the growth of Linux use by women. The OSL hosts the
LinuxChix.org server, sponsored by Intel Corporation.



`LinuxLookup`_
--------------

`LinuxLookup`_ is a site providing Linux news, reviews and tutorials.
The OSL hosts the LinuxLookup server.



`MeeGo`_
--------

`MeeGo`_ is an open source Linux-based platform that is capable of
running on multiple computing devices, including handsets, netbooks,
tablets, connected TVs and in-vehicle infotainment systems. It is a
Linux Foundation project that brings the Moblin and Maemo projects
together in a single platform. The OSL hosts the infrastructure for
the MeeGo project.



`Mozdev`_
---------

`Mozdev`_ offers hosting and resources for projects related to the
Mozilla suite of applications. The OSL hosts a Web server for the
Mozdev team. Mozdev is independent of the Mozilla Foundation.



`MozillaZine`_
--------------

`MozillaZine`_ is a site devoted to users and developers of Mozilla
applications. Here you can find third-party news reporting, user
forums and developer blogs from Mozilla devs. The OSL has helped
Mozillazine build a cluster that stands up to the needs of this
growing community. Mozillazine is independent of the Mozilla
Foundation.



`MusicBrainz`_
--------------

`MusicBrainz `_ is an open music encyclopedia that collects music
metadata and makes it available to the public. MusicBrainz aims to be
the ultimate source of music information and the universal lingua
franca for music. The OSL hosts the main public mirror of the
`MusicBrainz Database`_.



`MythTV`_
---------

`MythTV`_ is a free, open source software digital video recorder (DVR)
project distributed under the terms of the GNU GPL. It has been under
heavy development since 2002, and now contains most features one would
expect from a good DVR (and many new ones that you soon won't be able
to live without). The OSL hosts the MythTV.org server.



`Nas-Admin.org`_
----------------

`Nas-Admin.org`_ promotes FOSS development through system
administration support and mentoring of new FOSS system
administrators. They also provide project hosting for various embedded
projects such as OpenEmbedded, WebOS Internals and NSLU2 Linux. The
OSL hosts the production virtualization servers for all the projects
Nas-Admin.org hosts.



`Network Time Foundation`_
--------------------------

`Network Time Foundation`_ devotes its attention to solving problems
associated with keeping accurate time on computers. From the earliest
days of the internet, the Network Time Protocol (NTP) has been and
remains the best way to keep correct time on each computer in a
network. The OSL hosts the NTF’s core infrastructure on virtual
machines.



`NovaPorts`_
------------

The `NovaPorts`_ team provides access to operating systems and
utilities on portable devices in a manner that fully respects the
intellectual property rights, copyrights, trademarks and other
interests of the developers of those operating systems and utilities.
The OSL hosts most of the NovaPorts project sites via the `Nas-
Admin.org`_ project.



`NSLU2-Linux`_
--------------

The `NSLU2-Linux`_ project's aim is to provide information and support
to those people wishing to use Linux and custom firmware on the
Linksys NSLU2, the Synology DS101, the Iomega NAS100d, the D-Link
DSMG600 and other ixp4xx-based devices with large attached storage.
The OSL hosts most of the NSLU2-Linux sites via the `Nas-Admin.org`_
project.



`One Laptop per Child`_
-----------------------

The `One Laptop per Child`_ (OLPC) initiative is creating an
inexpensive laptop so that every child in the world can own one. The
OSL developed the multimedia functionality of the laptop, including
video and audio playback. The lab hosts the OLPC support forums
located at `http://forum.laptop.org`_.



`Open and Free Technology Community`_
-------------------------------------

The `Open and Free Technology Community (OFTC)`_ is an Internet Relay
Chat network that aims to provide stable and effective collaboration
services to members of the community in any part of the world, while
closely listening to their needs and desires. The OSL hosts a node of
the OFTC IRC network.



`Open Source Digital Voting Foundation`_
----------------------------------------

The `OSDV Foundation`_ is building an open source election technology
framework for adoption and deployment by U.S. jurisdictions. The OSL
hosts websites for the foundation, the development servers for the
TrustTheVote project and application servers for their partner
`RockTheVote`_’s voter registration project.



`Open Source Geospatial Foundation`_
------------------------------------

The `Open Source Geospatial Foundation`_ is a nonprofit organization
that supports and promotes the collaborative development of open
geospatial technologies and data. The foundation provides financial,
organizational and legal support to the broader open source geospatial
community. The OSL hosts OSGeo's infrastructure.



`OpenEFS`_
----------

`OpenEFS`_ provides software distribution and change control for
heterogeneous clients using distributed file systems, such as NFS v3,
NFS v4 and OpenAFS. The OSL hosts the OpenEFS website, development
site, code repository and mailing lists, and hosts downloads on our
FTP mirror.



`OpenEmbedded`_
---------------

`OpenEmbedded`_ is the build framework for embedded Linux.
OpenEmbedded offers a best-in-class cross-compile environment and
allows developers to create a complete Linux distribution for embedded
systems. The OSL hosts most of the OpenEmbedded project sites via the
`Nas-Admin.org`_ project.



`OpenLLDP`_
-----------

The `OpenLLDP`_ project aims to provide a comprehensive implementation
of the IEEE standard 802.1AB Link Layer Discovery Protocol. The goal
of LLDP is to provide an inter-vendor compatible mechanism to deliver
Link-Layer notifications to adjacent network devices. The Open Source
implementation of LLDP provided by the OpenLLDP project is intended to
help foster wider adoption of LLDP. The OSL hosts the project's
website, wiki and code review system.



`OpenMRS`_
----------

`OpenMRS`_ is a community-developed, open source, enterprise
electronic medical record system framework. The OSL hosts the OpenMRS
website and manages Subversion repositories for the OpenMRS medical
record system application and many of its add-on modules and
affiliated projects.



`Oregon State Linux Users Group`_
---------------------------------

The `OSLUG`_ is a student-driven Linux Users Group at OSU. The OSL
hosts the Linux Users Group Web server.



`Parrot`_
---------

`Parrot`_ is a virtual machine designed to efficiently compile and
execute bytecode for dynamic languages. Parrot currently hosts a
variety of language implementations in various stages of completion,
including Tcl, Javascript, Ruby, Lua, Scheme, PHP, Python, Perl 6, APL
and a .NET bytecode translator. The OSL hosts the Parrot website, code
repository and development site. We also host Parrot downloads on our
FTP mirror.



`Participatory Culture Foundation`_
-----------------------------------

The `Participatory Culture Foundation`_ was founded in 2005 with a
mission to build tools and services that give people more ways to
engage in their culture. The OSL hosts the downloads for the Miro
video player, a part of the foundation’s platform for open media.



`PHP`_
------

`PHP`_ is a widely used general purpose scripting language that is
especially suited for Web development and can be embedded into HTML.
The OSL uses PHP in many of its own applications, as do other OSL
clients. In turn, the OSL hosts a secondary mail relay server for the
PHP infrastructure.



`phpBB`_
--------

`phpBB`_ is a high-powered, fully scalable and highly customizable
open source bulletin board package, and is possibly the most popular
Web forum package used on the net today. The OSL hosts the phpBB Web
server.



`Plone`_
--------

`Plone`_ is a ready-to-run content management system that is built on
the powerful and free Zope application server. Plone is easy to set up
and extremely flexible and provides users with a system for managing
Web content that is ideal for project groups, communities, websites,
extranets and intranets. The OSL hosts a plone development box that
hosts their version control system, svn.plone.org, as well as
`http://planet.plone.org`_, which aggregates developer blog entries.



`PPCKernel and PenguinPPC`_
---------------------------

The `PPCKernel`_ and penguinppc.org sites host informational resources
for the PowerPC code of the Linux kernel. The sites host code and
mailing lists pertaining to PowerPC. The OSL hosts both of these sites
on (appropriately) PPC hardware.



`Python Software Foundation`_
-----------------------------

The `Python Software Foundation`_ is a nonprofit membership
organization devoted to advancing open source technology related to
the Python programming language. Their mission is to promote, protect
and advance the Python programming language and to support and
facilitate the growth of a diverse and international community of
Python programmers. The OSL provides hosting for the new PSF servers
and the speed.python.org benchmarking server.



`QEMU`_
-------

`QEMU`_ is a high-performance full system simulator supporting both
emulation and virtualization. QEMU supports emulating 14 different CPU
architectures and hundreds of different devices, and is used as the
core device model by both `Xen`_ and `KVM`_. The OSL hosts the
project's webpages on a virtual machine.



`RPM`_
------

`RPM`_ is the package management system used by many Linux
distributions including RedHat Enterprise, Fedora, SUSE, CentOS,
Mandriva and many others. The RPM format is also part of the Linux
Standard Base. The OSL hosts the rpm.org website, ticket tracker, code
repository and mailing lists.



`Sahana Software Foundation`_
-----------------------------

The `Sahana Software Foundation`_ manages community development of
free and open source software projects that address common
coordination challenges in disaster management. The OSL hosts Sahana
Software's website and wiki.



`Slackware`_
------------

`Slackware`_ calls itself "The original Linux distribution, geared
toward power and stability." Slackware makes use of the OSL's rsync
infrastructure to distribute its packages to the rest of the worldwide
Slackware mirror network.



`Software in the Public Interest, Inc.`_
----------------------------------------

`Software in the Public Interest`_ (SPI) is a nonprofit organization
that was founded to help organizations develop and distribute open
hardware and software. They are most noted for the role they play as a
foundation unit for the Debian Linux distribution. The OSL hosts core
infrastructure for the SPI foundation.



`Systers`_
----------

`Systers`_ is the world’s largest email community of technical women
in computing. It was founded by Anita Borg in 1987, together with 12
other women, as a small electronic mailing list for women in
“systems." Today, Systers broadly promotes the interests of women in
the computing and technology fields. The OSL hosts the Systers'
website and mailing lists.



`TeachEngineering`_
-------------------

`TeachEngineering`_ is a digital library of K-12 math and science
curriculum. The library infrastructure is implemented entirely on
Linux, is built with open source system development tools and is
itself available under the General Public License. The library is
hosted by the OSL and indexed by the National Science Foundation's
National Science Digital Library (`www.nsdl.org`_).



`Trinity Rescue Kit`_
---------------------

`Trinity Rescue Kit`_ (TRK) is a free, live Linux distribution that
aims specifically at recovery and repair operations on Windows
machines, but is equally usable for Linux recovery issues. The OSL
hosts a download mirror of all TRK files. The mirror is located at:
`http://ftp.osuosl.org/pub/trk/`_



`TriSano`_
----------

`TriSano`_™ is an open source, citizen-focused surveillance and
outbreak management system for infectious disease, environmental
hazards and bioterrorism attacks. It allows local, state and federal
entities to track, control and ultimately prevent illness and death.
The OSL hosts the TriSano automated testing environment.



`VectorLinux`_
--------------

`VectorLinux`_ is a small, fast Linux operating system for Intel, AMD
and x86 compatible systems, based on one of the original Linux
distributions, Slackware. The OSL hosts `VectorLinux's primary
distribution mirror`_.



`WebDAV`_
---------

`WebDAV`_ stands for Web-based Distributed Authoring and Versioning.
It is a set of extensions to the HTTP protocol that allows users to
collaboratively edit and manage files on remote Web servers. The OSL
provides a virtual machine that hosts the main `http://webdav.org`_
website as well as `http://test.webdav.org`_. The projects hosted
include: cadaver (a WebDAV client), DAVLib (a C++ WebDAV library for
MacOS), Goliath (a web authoring tool for MacOS and OS X using
WebDAV), mod_dav (a WebDAV module for Apache), neon (a C HTTP and
WebDAV library) and PerlDAV (a Perl WebDAV library).



`WebOS Internals`_
------------------

`WebOS Internals`_ is a group of developers dedicated to the pursuit
of an open environment of sharing information, code and documentation
related to Palm's webOS operating system. WebOS Internals is also the
main coordination body for the open standard homebrew ecosystem of
applications, patches, themes, plugins, services and Linux utilities
for webOS devices. At the leading edge of application development,
WebOS Internals has pioneered techniques such as NPAPI browser
plugins, Java and C native services and hybrid applications. The OSL
provides colocation server hosting for WebOS Internals.



`Xiph`_
-------

The `Xiph.Org Foundation`_ is a nonprofit corporation dedicated to
protecting the foundations of Internet multimedia from control by
private interests. They develop free media formats, including the Ogg
Vorbis music and Ogg Theora video formats. The OSL hosts development
and infrastructure systems for the Xiph team.



`Yum`_
------

`Yum`_ is a package installer/remover for RPM-based systems, and does
all the work to calculate dependencies for packages that users want to
install or remove. Yum is the default package manager for RedHat
Enterprise, Fedora and CentOS Linux distributions. The OSL hosts the
website, ticket tracker, code repositories and mailing lists for Yum.
In addition to Yum, the OSL is also hosting development sites for yum-
utils, a collection of utilities and scripts built around Yum, and
createrepo, the program that creates metadata used in package
repositories (supported by Yum, APT-RTM, Red Carpet, Smart, up2date
and Yast).

` `_



`Contact`_
++++++++++


`EECS`_
+++++++


`Donate`_
+++++++++





` `_

` `_
` `_ ` `_ ` `_ ` `_ ` `_


Newsletter Sign Up
------------------


+ E-mail Address *




Contact Info
~~~~~~~~~~~~
`Copyright`_ 2015 Oregon State University
`Disclaimer`_
OSU Open Source Lab
Kerr Admin B211
Corvallis, OR 97331
General Inquiries:
`info@osuosl.org`_
Support for Project Infrastructure
`support@osuosl.org`_
Questions about Donations:
`donations@osuosl.org`_


+ `Home`_
+ `About`_

    + `Staff`_
    + `Employment`_
    + `Advisors`_
    + `Logos`_
    + `Contact`_

+ `Blog`_
+ `Services`_

    + `Hosting`_
    + `Development`_
    + `OpenPOWER`_
    + `Supercell`_

+ `Donate`_

    + `Sponsors`_



.. _FOSSology: http://www.fossology.org/projects/fossology
.. _Logos: /about/logos
.. _Open Source Geospatial Foundation: /hosted-communities/open-source-geospatial-foundation
.. _Staff: /about/people
.. _Deluge: http://deluge-torrent.org/
.. _Make a Gift: https://securelb.imodules.com/s/359/campaign/index.aspx?sid=359&gid=34&pgid=1982&cid=3007
.. _KVM: http://www.linux-kvm.org/page/Main_Page
.. _MozillaZine: /hosted-communities/mozillazine
.. _FOSSBazaar: https://fossbazaar.org/
.. _One Laptop per Child: http://www.laptop.org/
.. _Mozdev: http://mozdev.org
.. _WebDAV: /hosted-communities/webdav
.. _MythTV: http://mythtv.org
.. _OpenLLDP: http://openlldp.sourceforge.net/
.. _OSLUG: http://lug.oregonstate.edu/
.. _Online Services: http://oregonstate.edu/main/online-services
.. _NovaPorts: /hosted-communities/novaports
.. _Donate: /donate
.. _OpenMRS: http://openmrs.org/
.. _MusicBrainz Database: http://musicbrainz.org/doc/MusicBrainz_Database
.. _Participatory Culture Foundation: http://participatoryculture.org/
.. _TeachEngineering: http://www.teachengineering.org/
.. _NSLU2-Linux: http://nslu2-linux.org/
.. _WebOS Internals: http://webos-internals.org/
.. _PHP: http://php.net/
.. _EECS: http://eecs.oregonstate.edu/
.. _Sahana Software Foundation: /hosted-communities/sahana-software-foundation
.. _Finnix: http://finnix.org/
.. _KDE: http://kde.org/
.. _Maps: http://oregonstate.edu/campusmap
.. _OpenLLDP: /communities/openlldp
.. _RockTheVote: http://www.rockthevote.org/
.. _KDE: /hosted-communities/kde
.. _VectorLinux: http://vectorlinux.com/
.. _QEMU: http://qemu.org
.. _Slackware: http://slackware.com/
.. _Xiph.Org Foundation: http://xiph.org/
.. _Hosting Details: /services/hosting/details
.. _Sahana Software Foundation: http://sahanafoundation.org/
.. _Open Source Geospatial Foundation: http://www.osgeo.org
.. _Freenode: /hosted-communities/freenode
.. _Linux Foundation: http://linuxfoundation.org
.. _DSpace: /hosted-communities/dspace
.. _NSLU2-Linux: /hosted-communities/nslu2-linux
.. _MozillaZine: http://mozillazine.org/
.. _GNOME: http://gnome.org/
.. _MythTV: /hosted-communities/mythtv
.. _GSoC: /gsoc
.. _Gentoo Foundation: /communities/gentoo-foundation
.. _Jenkins: /hosted-communities/jenkins
.. _FOSSology: /hosted-communities/fossology
.. _Yum: /hosted-communities/yum
.. _BusyBox: /hosted-communities/busybox
.. _Crosstool-NG: /hosted-communities/crosstool-ng
.. _School of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science: http://eecs.oregonstate.edu
.. _Eclipse Communication Framework: http://www.eclipse.org/ecf/
.. _Parrot: /hosted-communities/parrot
.. _Software in the Public Interest, Inc.: /hosted-communities/software-public-interest-inc
.. _Trinity Rescue Kit: http://trinityhome.org/Home/index.php?content=TRINITY_RESCUE_KIT____CPR_FOR_YOUR_COMPUTER&front_id=12&lang=en&locale=en
.. _CONNECT: /hosted-communities/connect
.. _Elgg: /hosted-communities/elgg
.. _Open and Free Technology Community: /hosted-communities/open-and-free-technology-community
.. _Hosting Policy: /services/hosting/policy
.. _donations@osuosl.org: mailto:donations@osuosl.org
.. _built a cluster: /blog/support-success
.. _CiviCRM: /hosted-communities/civicrm
.. _Elgg: http://www.elgg.org/
.. _OpenEmbedded: http://www.openembedded.org/
.. _Debian GNU/Linux: http://debian.org/
.. _DevOps BootCamp: /about/devops-bootcamp
.. _Ångström: http://www.angstrom-distribution.org/
.. _support@osuosl.org: mailto:support@osuosl.org
.. _Home: /
.. _Inkscape: http://inkscape.org/
.. _OpenEmbedded: /hosted-communities/openembedded
.. _GNOME Hispano: http://es.gnome.org/
.. _Participatory Culture Foundation: /hosted-communities/participatory-culture-foundation
.. _TeachEngineering: /hosted-communities/teachengineering
.. _GOSCON: /hosted-communities/goscon
.. _Jaws: http://www.jaws-project.com/
.. _Nas-Admin.org: http://nas-admin.org
.. _Parrot: http://parrot.org
.. _Trinity Rescue Kit: /hosted-communities/trinity-rescue-kit
.. _CentOS: http://www.centos.org
.. _PPCKernel: http://ppckernel.org/
.. _Slackware: /hosted-communities/slackware
.. _Finnix: /hosted-communities/finnix
.. _Drupal: /communities/drupal
.. _Linux Foundation: /communities/linux-foundation
.. _LinuxChix: http://linuxchix.org/
.. _Why Do We Give to the OSL?: /donate/why-do-we-give-osuosl
.. _RPM: http://rpm.org
.. _Sponsors: /services/supercell/sponsors
.. _http://planet.plone.org: http://planet.plone.org
.. _Crosstool-NG : http://crosstool-ng.org/
.. _Apache Software Foundation : /communities/apache-software-foundation
.. _FOSSBazaar: /hosted-communities/fossbazaar
.. _DSpace: http://dspace.org
.. _WebOS Internals: /hosted-communities/webos-internals
.. _TriSano: /hosted-communities/trisano
.. _OREGON STATE UNIVERSITY: http://oregonstate.edu
.. _Linux Fund: /hosted-communities/linux-fund
.. _Feedback Form: /services/supercell/request
.. _Eclipse Communication Framework: /hosted-communities/eclipse-communication-framework
.. _BusyBox: http://busybox.net/
.. _info@osuosl.org: mailto:info@osuosl.org
.. _Development: /services/development
.. _Student Experience: /students
.. _About: /about
.. _Inkscape: /hosted-communities/inkscape
.. _Services: /services
.. _GNOME: /hosted-communities/gnome
.. _Supercell: /services/supercell
.. _One Laptop per Child: /hosted-communities/one-laptop-child
.. _Deluge: /hosted-communities/deluge
.. _MusicBrainz : http://musicbrainz.org
.. _Ångström: /hosted-communities/%C3%A5ngstr%C3%B6m
.. _OpenEFS: http://openefs.org
.. _OpenMRS: /hosted-communities/openmrs
.. _MeeGo: https://meego.com/
.. _http://forum.laptop.org: http://forum.laptop.org
.. _OpenEFS: /hosted-communities/openefs
.. _Network Time Foundation: http://networktimefoundation.org/
.. _VectorLinux's primary distribution mirror: http://vectorlinux.osuosl.org/
.. _Fedora Project: /hosted-communities/fedora-project
.. _LinuxChix: /hosted-communities/linuxchix
.. _VectorLinux: /hosted-communities/vectorlinux
.. _Employment: /about/employment
.. _http://test.webdav.org: http://test.webdav.org
.. _Debian: /hosted-communities/debian
.. _QEMU: /hosted-communities/qemu
.. _MeeGo: /hosted-communities/meego
.. _Plone: http://plone.org/
.. _phpBB: /hosted-communities/phpbb
.. _Open and Free Technology Community (OFTC): http://oftc.net/
.. _Open Source Digital Voting Foundation: /hosted-communities/open-source-digital-voting-foundation
.. _CiviCRM: http://civicrm.org
.. _KernelTrap: /hosted-communities/kernal-trap
.. _phpBB: http://phpbb.com/
.. _Enlightenment: /hosted-communities/enlightenment
.. _Mozdev: /hosted-communities/mozdev
.. _Library: http://osulibrary.oregonstate.edu
.. _NovaPorts: http://www.novaports.org
.. _Etherboot Project: /hosted-communities/etherboot-project
.. _Sponsors: /sponsors
.. _Apache Software Foundation: http://www.apache.org/
.. _Cacti: http://cacti.net/
.. _Xiph: /hosted-communities/xiph
.. _http://ftp.osuosl.org/pub/trk/: http://ftp.osuosl.org/pub/trk/
.. _WebDAV: http://www.webdav.org/
.. _RPM: /hosted-communities/rpm
.. _Disclaimer: http://oregonstate.edu/disclaimer
.. _LinuxLookup: /hosted-communities/linuxlookup
.. _Nas-Admin.org: /hosted-communities/nas-adminorg
.. _Python Software Foundation: /communities/python-software-foundation
.. _MusicBrainz: /hosted-communities/musicbrainz
.. _Blog: /blog
.. _PPCKernel and PenguinPPC: /hosted-communities/ppckernel-and-penguinppc
.. _Systers: http://anitaborg.org/initiatives/systers/
.. _Xen: http://xen.org
.. _Nas-Admin.org: http://www.nas-admin.org/
.. _Hosting: /services/hosting
.. _FAQ: /donate/faq
.. _GOSCON: http://goscon.org
.. _CentOS: /hosted-communities/centos
.. _Enlightenment: http://www.enlightenment.org/
.. _Hosted Projects: /communities
.. _Etherboot Project: http://etherboot.org
.. _www.nsdl.org: http://www.nsdl.org
.. _PowerLinux / OpenPOWER Request Form: /services/powerdev/request_hosting
.. _OpenPOWER: /services/powerdev
.. _GOSCON: /about/goscon
.. _http://webdav.org: http://webdav.org
.. _Jenkins: http://jenkins-ci.org
.. _Aqsis: /hosted-communities/aqsis
.. _PHP: /hosted-communities/php
.. _Software in the Public Interest: http://www.spi-inc.org/
.. _Drupal: http://drupal.org
.. _Gentoo Linux: http://gentoo.org/
.. _Linux Driver Project: /communities/linux-driver-project
.. _Yum: http://yum.baseurl.org
.. _Aqsis: http://aqsis.org/
.. _Request Hosting: /request-hosting
.. _GNOME Hispano: /hosted-communities/gnome-hispano
.. _Cacti: /hosted-communities/cacti
.. _Python Software Foundation: http://www.python.org/psf/
.. _Systers: /communities/systers
.. _OSDV Foundation: http://osdv.org
.. _Copyright: http://oregonstate.edu/copyright
.. _CONNECT: http://www.connectopensource.org
.. _Linux Fund: http://linuxfund.org/
.. _Jaws: /hosted-communities/jaws
.. _Advisors: /about/advisors
.. _Plone: /hosted-communities/plone
.. _LinuxLookup: http://linuxlookup.com
.. _Contact: /contact
.. _Freenode: http://freenode.net
.. _TriSano: http://www.trisano.org/
.. _Network Time Foundation: /communities/network-time-foundation
.. _Oregon State Linux Users Group: /hosted-communities/oregon-state-linux-users-group
.. _Fedora Project: http://fedoraproject.org
.. _Calendar: http://calendar.oregonstate.edu


